---
title: Arrival
subtitle: Yalaqta, Kuntisuyu, Ciann
---

Caravan arrives: Maran calls all the the caravan guards over, including the party.

> **Maran:** Now that we've reached Yalaqta, we're going to head to the market to trade. We'll be here, eh..., three to four days, depending on how things go. In the meantime, if you'd like to keep busy, there are a couple places around that usually have jobs posted.

> **Maran (pointing left):** If you head over to town hall they usually have some postings about issues affecting the locals, weird happenings by the farms or rats in the sewer, that sort of thing.

> **Maran (pointing behind):** There's a militia barracks back the way we came, near where we entered town.  They're always looking for able bodies to help with bandits and criminals.

> **Maran (pointing ahead):** Oh, and I almost forgot, the market! Sometimes wares go missing and the merchants there need someone to look into it, or, if it suits your fancy, there are usually caravans packing up to head to another town, and every caravan needs an escort.

> **Maran (handing each of you 1gp):** Here's your pay for this leg of the journey, and I hope to be hearing from you in a couple days. Good luck out there!

Maran walks back over to the wagons shouting "Ok everybody, let's head down to the market and get set up!"


> **Shifty Guy (pointing right):** We're going to head down this way, and get a _real_ drink. I got a, uh, cousin down there that's always got some odd jobs that need doin'.

Shifty Guy and a Hunter walk off to the right toward the docks


Two others in mail with swords and shields head back toward the militia barracks.


Two other members of the roughly ten person caravan escort. The first is a tall slender man wearing a full length robe and and carrying a pouch around his neck, a small pack, and an ornate jeweled dagger on his hip. The second is wearing a chain mail vest, plate greaves, and gauntlets, with a spear over one shoulder and a quiver with several javelins over the other and a large pack on his back.

Caltrop tries attempts to pick pocket the robed man, but ends up roughly bumping into him. Caltrop manages to play it off as though he stumbled, raising the suspicious of both men, but not inciting anything worse.

Once The party reaches town hall, they look over the job board, deciding between a rat infestation and mysterious disappearances in the woods. They choose to investigate the disappearances, hearing that a couple of farmers went missing and the three person militia squad that went out in search of them only had one member return. The remaining member is stable, recovering from wounds, at the militia barracks.


The party heads over to the militia barracks and learn that the surviving militiaman is named Frankie. After convincing someone that Caltrop is Frankie's friend, they head up to Frankie's room and ask him some questions. Frankie was clearly scratched and bitten by something and he still seems shocked or horrified by whatever he saw. He tells The party that he found "it" in the forest west of town, just to the north of the giant birch on the right.
