---
title: The King
subtitle: The party finally has a showdown with Sayre "The King"
---

Set traps outside on either side of the door, then take positions on either side in the alleyway, with Caltrop peeking through the now barricaded window across the way.  Gluteus intentionally trips the wire, triggering a crashing sound inside, while Kilvin also accidentally trips over the other wire to get closer to the door.  Two thugs burst into the alleyway, one attacking Brother Gromag, the other Kilvin.  Both step in the traps, drawing blood and holding them in place.  A volley of arrows and bolts from Gluteus and Caltrop soften them up, as they try to get out of the traps.  Gromag takes a moment to line of a strike, slamming the butt of his staff into the back of one's head, using it to vault over behind the next, punching him at the base of his neck.  Both crumple to the ground unconscious.

The party enters the building, Kilvin taking point, followed by Gromag, Caltrop, with Gluteus taking up the rear.  They have Kilvin open the first door they find, one on their right, which opens into a mess hall.  The room is occupied by three people, each with a scimitar on their belt, sitting around a table.  One is a woman leaning back in a chair, almost _too_ relaxed, stabbing food off her plate and flicking it into her mouth with a dagger.  The other two are sitting there with a stiff posture, looking uncomfortable, each with a shortbow over their backs.  As he enters the room, he is tripped by a wire in the doorway, falling prone.  During the commotion, Caltrop ducks around the door frame, taking a shot at Sayre, taking her deep in the chest, just missing the heart.  He hears some commotion coming from the front of the building as he ducks behind the door again.  Sayre roars, and charges Kilvin, striking twice with her scimitar and once with her dagger, the second swing getting through a gap in the armor.  Gromag slips past Kilvin, taking a flanking position behind Sayre, striking her and setting up in a defensive stance.  A flurry of arrows from the two thugs in the room and Gluteus ensue, as a man bursts out from around the corner behind Caltrop.  Michik says "get out of the way, I have to get in there!" and shoves past Caltrop, dodging into the room and striking Sayre with a shortsword, who drops to the floor.  Gromag turns to strike the thug behind him, his staff seemingly passing partway through his shoulder, issuing a loud _crack_ instead of the usual _thud_.  The illusion of a human falls as the skeleton shatters into a pile of bones.  Upon seeing this, Michik drops his shortsword, draws a bladeless hilt and mutters something, causing a dagger blade made of light to spring from the hilt.  He rushes to the other thug in the room, stabbing with the dagger, causing a roughly 1' diameter portion of the skeleton to flash orange where the dagger struck.  The second skeleton also crumbles to the ground.

Caltrop asks about the dagger, and Michik tells him that the blade is "my Dawn dagger, and it is tied to my essence," then offers Caltrop the hilt for a moment as he summons and dismisses the blade.  He tells them that he is a member of a guild or organization of some kind that hunts undead, and has been trying to track down agents of a cult of Myrkul.  As they're talking he walks to Sayre's body, and rummages through her pockets, pulling out a perfectly round gray stone.  He holds it up and says "I believe this stone is connected directly to her master, and could be used to locate them.  If you help me take them out, I can set up an introduction."

The party reaches level 3
